[EGD2025 Day 1] Bérénice Batut(The Microbiology Galaxy Lab and the effort from the microGalaxy to build the first community-driven gateway for reproducible and FAIR analysis of microbial data) (#418)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/egd2025/day-1-the-microbiology-galaxy-lab-and-the-effort-from-the-microgalaxy-to-build-the-first-community-driven-gateway-for-reproducible-and-fair-analysis-of-microbial-data.md

---
media:
- bluesky-galaxyproject
- linkedin-galaxyproject
- mastodon-galaxyproject
- matrix-eu-announce
hashtags:
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - microbiology
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - community
  - open_science
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - microbiology
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - community
  - open_science
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - microbiology
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - community
  - open_science
mentions:
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - bebatut@piaille.fr
  - galaxyfreiburg@xn--baw-joa.social
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - bebatut.bsky.social
---

On Day 1 of European Galaxy Days, Bérénice Batut presented The Microbiology Galaxy Lab and the effort from the microGalaxy to build the first community-driven gateway for reproducible and FAIR analysis of microbial data.
Read more: https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.12.23.629682

> ![The Microbiology Galaxy Lab and the effort from the microGalaxy to build the first community-driven gateway for reproducible and FAIR analysis of microbial data](IMAGE_URL_HERE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Microbiology Galaxy Lab and the effort from the microGalaxy to build the first community-driven gateway for reproducible and FAIR analysis of microbial data](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/91daf464-3ca0-4de4-8d5e-56aa57604776)
```
